WHAT IS FAST DATA page updated (#1563)
mia-platform/documentation: docs/fast_data/what_is_fast_data.md

Mia-Platform Fast Data let you to decouple your data from different sources, that we call **Systems of Record** (SoRs), aggregate them into a single MongoDB collection called **Single View** than can be easily queried by your APIs and thus build your out-of-the-box **Digital Integration Hub** (DIH). The consolidation is performed only when the source data changes, ensuring read operations are blazing fast since the data is pre-aggregated.

The aggregation is performed using an important intermediary collection known as **Projection**. This collection is a standardized version of the original data, featuring only the fields of interest and *casting* them into a common format. For example, while your data sources might use various date formats, proper configuration allows you to unify them into a single format used across all Projections.

Additionally, Mia-Platform Fast Data offers pre-built microservices and a user-friendly interface for setting up data flows in a low-code manner. This approach allows you to get started quickly and efficiently.

Visit **[this page](./concepts/architecture.md)** to learn more about the architecture of Mia-Platform Fast Data.

## Why Fast Data

> Mia-Platform Fast Data combines **Data Mesh** and **Data Fabric** strategy, leveraging a suite of highly configurable tools that integrate the advantages of **Internal Developer Platform** while operationalizing your own **Digital Integration Hub**.

Reviewer: Here I would describe briefly what `Data Mesh` and `Data Fabric` strategies represents

Author: Hi Giovanni, below my proposals:

**Data Mesh** architecture is a decentralized alternative to central data lakes. It organizes data by specific business domains, giving domain teams ownership and accountability for their data, which enhances data quality and governance. Data Mesh allows teams to independently scale their data systems using the technologies and tools that best fit their needs.
**Data Fabric** is an adaptive, flexible, and secure integrated data architecture that provides a unified view of data across various sources, addressing challenges faced by data lakes. It simplifies data integration, transformation, and movement, allowing for faster and more efficient data access

Reviewer: Hi @crucio14 

Sounds good to me! :+1:

Mia-Platform Fast Data implements its own data management logic that lets you save time during setup. We are talking about **No Code / Low Code (NC/LC)** functionalities.
This system leverages two core principles: No Code Fast Data and Low Code Fast Data.

With **No Code** functionality, you can configure your project quickly with minimal manual intervention. From version 10.6.0 onward, enabling the No Code feature (which may require coordination with your System Administrator) allows you to define relationships between projections within the ER Schema.
With **Low Code**, you only need to:
1. Define relationships between Projections in the ER Schema;
2. Specify which projection changes trigger updates to specific Single Views;
3. Provide a declarative definition of Single Views, based on Projection fields and other flexible options.

For further information about our No Code / Low Code logic, please visit the **[dedicated page](./no_code_overview.md)**.

### Control Plane

Control Plane is essential for monitoring the execution of Mia-Platform Fast Data and managing data across various runtime environments:

* Monitor the status of various runtime pipelines.

> * Interact with users via a specialized frontend and adjust pipeline states in response to user inputs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Using a dedicated frontend, users can resume or stop pipeline components by sending commands to the underlying microservices;
```

Data Fabric is an adaptive, flexible, and secure integrated data architecture that provides a unified view of data across various sources, addressing challenges faced by data lakes. It simplifies data integration, transformation, and movement, allowing for faster and more efficient data access

### Legacy system offloading

Working with legacy systems to build services that rely on fragmented data from non-scalable, load-heavy environments can present several challenges. When accessing and aggregating data from various systems on demand, you may encounter issues such as:

* Increased response times.
* High CPU/memory usage due to the growing number of queries.
* Network congestion.

Mia-Platform Fast Data addresses these challenges by providing a solution where legacy systems are complemented by synced and transformed counterparts known as Projections, and aggregated versions stored in Single Views. These collections are maintained in MongoDB, which alleviates the need to repeatedly query and request for access to your DBs. Instead, the legacy systems are only required to send updates as events occur.

### 24/7 operations

> Mia-Platform Fast Data ensures an experience uninterrupted real-time data access, available 24/7, even during system maintenance or downtime. Our solution guarantees that data provisioning remains seamless and reliable, leveraging a resilient data layer that functions continuously regardless of API availability or system status. This setup enables you to serve channels and access critical information without disruption, ensuring that your data remains accessible and operational around the clock.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Mia-Platform Fast Data ensures uninterrupted access to real-time data, available 24/7, even during maintenance or system downtime. Our solution ensures that data provisioning remains seamless and reliable, leveraging a resilient data layer that operates continuously regardless of API availability or system status. This setup allows channels to be served and critical information to be accessed without interruption, ensuring that your data remains accessible and operational around the clock.
```

### Data standardization

> As mentioned before in Product overview section, Mia-Platform Fast Data gathers data from different System of Records (APIs, CDC, DB triggers etc.) and aggregates them into a single MongoDB collection called Single View and Projections, according to your business model.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As mentioned before in Product overview section, Mia-Platform Fast Data gathers data from different System of Records (APIs, CDC, DB triggers etc.) and aggregates them into a single MongoDB collection called Single View, according to your business model.
```

### Ready-to-Use Data Connectors

Mia-Platform Fast Data utilizes an event streaming platform to ingest messages about changes within your systems (e.g., create, update, or delete operations) in near real-time. The components responsible for transmitting these changes to the event streaming platform are known as **[connectors](/fast_data/connectors/overview.md)**.
A connector monitors changes in the data sources and forwards them to one or more Kafka topics. The data is then processed on parallel queues and converted into a format compatible with Mia-Platform Fast Data. This decouples data reading from processing, enhancing reliability and robustness.

You can either develop a custom connector tailored to your specific needs or use one of the connectors available in the **[Mia-Platform Marketplace](/marketplace/overview_marketplace.md)**.

### No Code / Low Code Data management

Mia-Platform Fast Data implements its own data management logic that lets you save time during setup. We are talking about **No Code / Low Code (NC/LC)** functionalities.
This system leverages two core principles: No Code Fast Data and Low Code Fast Data.

> With **No Code** functionality, you can configure your project quickly with minimal manual intervention. From version 10.6.0 onward, enabling the No Code feature (which may require coordination with your System Administrator) allows you to define relationships between projections within the ER Schema.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With **No Code** functionality, you can configure your project quickly with minimal manual intervention. From Mia-Platform Console v10.6.0 onward, enabling the No Code feature (which may require coordination with your System Administrator) allows you to define relationships between projections within the ER Schema.
```

With **Low Code**, you only need to:
1. Define relationships between Projections in the ER Schema.
2. Specify which projection changes trigger updates to specific Single Views.
3. Provide a declarative definition of Single Views, based on Projection fields and other flexible options.

For further information about our No Code / Low Code logic, please visit the **[dedicated page](/fast_data/no_code_overview.md)**.

### Control Plane

> Control Plane is essential for monitoring the execution of Mia-Platform Fast Data and managing data across various runtime environments:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Control Plane is essential for monitoring and governing the execution of Mia-Platform Fast Data pipelines across various runtime environments:
```

* Monitor the status of various runtime pipelines.
* Using a dedicated frontend, users can resume or stop pipeline components by sending commands to the underlying microservices.
* Collect feedback from workloads to verify their operational status within the associated pipelines.

For more information about Control Plane configuration, visit **[this page](/fast_data/runtime_management/control_plane.mdx)**. 

## Fast Data to accomplish your Data Integration Hub

Mia-Platform allows you to set up and deploy your end-to-end **Digital Integration Hub-enabled API platform**, as mentioned in the **[Gartner® Hype Cycle™ for Application Architecture and Integration, 2022](https://mia-platform.eu/news-en/gartner-application-architecture-and-integration/)**.

![Mia-Platform Fast Data DIH architecture](img/fastdata-DIH-architecture.png)

> Digital Integration Hub is an important architectural component offering low-latency, high-throughput data access via APIs and event-based mechanisms. It separates SoRs sources from external channels through a data management layer that ensures data synchronization using event-driven patterns.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Digital Integration Hub is an important architectural component offering low-latency, high-throughput data access via APIs and event-based mechanisms. It separates SoRs sources from external channels through a data management layer that ensures data synchronization using event-driven patterns.

```

Key benefits are:
* Access aggregated real-time data scattered across SoRs.
* Upgrade legacy systems with minimal disruption to the API layer.
* Ensure continuous data provisioning 24/7, even when some APIs are temporarily unavailable.
* Maintain data availability 24/7, even when systems are offline for scheduled maintenance.
* Serve channels with a persistent data layer, ensuring access even during system downtimes.
* Reduce the load on costly SoRs by offloading tasks to API services.
* Facilitate data integration by forwarding DIH data to other endpoints.
* Offer real-time connectors for data analytics and business intelligence (BI) applications.

## How is Fast Data different from similar products?

"ETL" systems (Extract, Transform, Load) have been industry standards for decades, forming a core component of data management.
What differentiates Mia-Platform Fast Data is its ease of setup through **No Code / Low Code** functionality, full customizability via JavaScript code as configured, and its integration within an **ecosystem** that provides all necessary tools for maximizing standardized and aggregated data.

> Moreover, you can build your Data Product utilizing a suite of tools specifically engineered to optimize Data acquisition and pipeline efficiency, for example: 

Reviewer 2: On the following bullet points, it could be useful to provide a link to each tool/feature listed below

Author: Hi Alberto, ok i provide a link to each tool/feature. Thanks!
